Now, let's talk about another service
that's called AWS X-Ray.
So, when by default some people do debugging in productions,
so, when your application is actually deployed,
the good old way, you would test locally,
then you would add log statements anywhere.
Maybe look into how it logs,
then you would re-deploy in production,
and the see if you can find the problem this way.
And the problem is that we have logs
from different services and different applications.
Doing log analysis it is very hard
because we have to combine everything.
So, if you have one application
that's called a big monolith, so, one giant application,
it's sort of easy to do debugging.
But if you have distributed services
they're connected through SQS queues,
SNS topics, they're decoupled and so on,
it becomes really, really hard to trace
and see what is happening within your system.
So, you have no common view of your entire architecture.
But to solve that problem,
you can use AWS X-Ray.
So, with X-Ray, you're going to be able
to do a tracing and get visual analysis of your application.
So, X-Ray, once you enable it on your services,
then you'll get a full picture
of what is happening for each service.
And see where they're failing, their performance,
and in case one request goes wrong,
you will be able to visualize it
directly into the X-Ray console.
So, the X-Ray advantages,
is to do troubleshooting of the performance
through the bottlenecks,
or to understand the dependencies
in a microservice architecture,
because they're all connected
as you saw in the previous graph.
We can pinpoint a service issue with tracing.
We can review a specific request behavior,
and find the errors and exceptions for that request.
We can know if we're meeting or not
our service-level agreement, or SLA,
meaning are we replying on time for all the requests.
And if we're being throttled,
if we're being slowed down,
where is it happening, in which service?
And finally, what or which users
are going to be impacted by these outages.
So, X-Ray really is great when you see,
distributed tracing, troubleshooting,
and you want to have a service graph.
That's it, it's a more complicated service to use,
so, I will not do any hands-on.
But you get a high level of review
that will be enough for the exam.
So, hope you liked this lecture,
and I will see you in the next lecture.